---
layout: post
title: fucked
---


im angry. or frustrated. or something. can u say you're depressed w/o a diagnosis? maybe that's it. fuck. wouldn't it be easier if this was all just a dream we kenw would end in the morning? maybe. maybe not, cuz what if time is like it is for a dog and you can't gage that shit? fuck.

whisky. i haven't had too much yet. well, not tonight anyways. i've probably drank a lifetime's worth for a sane, rational human. but what is sane and rational. OOOOOOH real deep thoguht there fuck stick. u broken ass hat. where does a cunt tickler like u get the fucking balls to think he's worth the fuckin atoms that assemble his being? jesus christ unplug for a fucking minute and contemplate your insignificance. i googled 'self destructive behavior' tonight becuase i just wnated to double check i had the nomenclature correct.

my girl won't acknowledge me. literally i did jumping jacks two feet from her face and she wouldn't look my way. #noUsher. the bet awards were tonight. I told my friends to send me the links to the cypher. apparently that's only on the 'HIP HOP' awards. I told them i didnt care. one of them said some famous girl showed her tits on a show and they looked like a famous porn star. my other friend googled her, found out she was black and decided he was not interested. life is stupid.

or maybe people are.

actually maybe i am.

i wish all the thoguths i had magically turned into real things. well not all my thgoughts. just the ones that are creataive. constructively creative. 

she just went to bed. it's quiet. well, quieter. 

i wish she was screaming. she used to scream. she's gonna go to sleep, wake up in 7 hours and then be gone until tomrrow night. she'll come home ask for dinner, try to read an article for work, take a nap, wake up and then go to bed. that's my life for the next year. im not gonna make it.